Openshift conflict (#36759)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/operator/basic-deployment.adoc

----
kubectl apply -f example-kc.yaml
----

> You can then provide an alternative ingress resource pointing to the service `<keycloak-cr-name>-service`. For example, on OpenShift you are not allowed to use wildcard certificates on passthrough Routes with HTTP/2 enabled. Keycloak on OpenShift with TLS enabled using a wildcard certificate with the default IngressClass creates such a Route. In this case, you must disable KeyCloak's built-in ingress with `.spec.ingress.enabled: false`. Access may then be provided by creating a reencrypt Route instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then provide an alternative ingress resource pointing to the service `<keycloak-cr-name>-service`. For example, on OpenShift you are not allowed to use wildcard certificates on passthrough Routes with HTTP/2 enabled. A Keycloak CR on OpenShift with TLS enabled using a wildcard certificate with the default IngressClass creates such a Route. In this case, you must disable the built-in ingress with `.spec.ingress.enabled: false`. Access may then be provided by creating a reencrypt Route instead:
```

> You can then provide an alternative ingress resource pointing to the service `<keycloak-cr-name>-service`. For example on OpenShift you are not allowed to use wildcard certificates on passthrough Routes with HTTP/2 enabled. Keycloak on OpenShift with TLS enabled using a wildcard certificate with the default IngressClass will create such a Route. In this case you must disable KeyCloak's built-in ingress with `.spec.ingress.enabled: false`. Access may then be provided by creating a reencrypt Route instead:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can then provide an alternative ingress resource pointing to the service `<keycloak-cr-name>-service`. For example on OpenShift you are not allowed to use wildcard certificates on passthrough Routes with HTTP/2 enabled. {project_name} on OpenShift with TLS enabled using a wildcard certificate with the default IngressClass will create such a Route. In this case you must disable {project_name}'s built-in ingress with `.spec.ingress.enabled: false`. Access may then be provided by creating a reencrypt Route instead:
```

Reviewer: I think my original wording was ambiguious. In each case it would probably be better to say "The Keycloak CR". WDYT @andymunro @ahus1 ?

Reviewer 2: I'm OK with "A Keycloak CR on OpenShift with ..." and "In this case you must disable the built-in ingress ..." (I think repeating 'Keycloak CR' in the second sentence can be avoided.

Reviewer: Ok, applied the change from @andymunro and updated the wording here.

> You can then provide an alternative ingress resource pointing to the service `<keycloak-cr-name>-service`. For example on OpenShift you are not allowed to use wildcard certificates on passthrough Routes with HTTP/2 enabled. Keycloak on OpenShift with TLS enabled using a wildcard certificate with the default IngressClass will create such a Route. In this case you must disable KeyCloak's built-in ingress with `.spec.ingress.enabled: false`. Access may then be provided by creating a reencrypt Route instead:

Author: ```suggestion
You can then provide an alternative ingress resource pointing to the service `<keycloak-cr-name>-service`. For example, on OpenShift you are not allowed to use wildcard certificates on passthrough Routes with HTTP/2 enabled. Keycloak on OpenShift with TLS enabled using a wildcard certificate with the default IngressClass creates such a Route. In this case, you must disable KeyCloak's built-in ingress with `.spec.ingress.enabled: false`. Access may then be provided by creating a reencrypt Route instead:
```
